Pnsrncrr. vii

the text, which occupy much space, have been antiquated

by modern investigation. The edition derives value from
Masson's learned Life of Pliny, which he allowed to be
reprinted with it, and from the very copious indices which

are appended to the book.

Gierig’s edition (Leipsic 1800) with Latin notes is a
thoroughly good book. A great part of the notes to this
selection were prepared without consulting Gierig, but on
comparison they will often be found to coincide.

The letters in this selection are not arranged chronolo-
gically‚ but printed in the order in which they stand in the
ordinary arrangement. The lines of each letter have been ⁸
numbered in the text to facilitate reference to the notes.
Reference in the notes to a passage contained in this
selection is made thus, Ep. a. 1, the first figure referring to
the number of the letter in this selection‚ and the second
figure to the line in the text. References to letters not in
this selection are preceded by the abbreviation Bu, thuS,
Bk. 3. 9. In these cases, the first figure gives the number of
the Book according to the usual arrangement of the lettere,
and the second figure the number of the letter. Book ro is
referred to by the abbreviation Trai, thus Trai. 20. Frequent
references have been made to Madvig's Latin Grammar (as
Madv), which, with other references, and some of the notes
themselves are addressed rather to the teacher than to the

pupil.

 

